Add View Transitions announcer (#8621)
withastro/astro: .changeset/small-rules-relax.md

---
'astro': minor
---

Route Announcer in `<ViewTransitions />`

> The View Transitions router now does route announcement. When transitioning between pages with a traditional MPA approach assistive technologies will announce the page title when the page finishes loading. When you introduce client-side routing into an app this no longer naturally happens, so the user isn't aware that the page has changed.
> 
> A route announcer runs after the page loads, for Astro this is the `astro:page-load` event, giving the title of the page to be the first thing announced. The ViewTransitions announcer first looks for the `<title>`, and if there is not one falls back to the first `<h1>` it finds, or otherwise announces the pathname. We recommend you always include a `<title>` in each page.
> 
> See the ViewTransitions docs for more on how accessibility is handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The View Transitions router now does route announcement. When transitioning between pages with a traditional MPA approach, assistive technologies will announce the page title when the page finishes loading. This does not automatically happen during client-side routing, so visitors relying on these technologies to announce routes are not aware when a page has changed.

The view transitions route announcer runs after the `astro:page-load` event, looking for the page `<title>` to announce. If one cannot be found, the announcer falls back to the first `<h1>` it finds, or otherwise announces the pathname. We recommend you always include a `<title>` in each page for accessibility.

See the [View Transitions docs](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/view-transitions/) for more on how accessibility is handled.
```
Just tightened up some sentences and added the link to docs!

Author: Wonderful, thanks!
